well everybody this brand from pocket
height and today I want to show you the
forest each deal I wanna paper as you
can see it's well animated 3d and HD
quality live wallpaper that brings you
right into nice and calm ambient of the
forest you have deers all around as well
you see the little birds flying up and
down a little inside gag again by
dual-boot with the signs right here
always liked a little small humor and
let me show you a little different side
of the screen right here the sun rays
how they beam down through the leaves
into the bottom of the forest as well if
you look into the background it brings
you as if you're right there you have a
little cabin another little deer here as
well you can really see how well the
light rays the sun rays are animated see
the little leaves going or grass going
back and forth you can also go ahead and
change that we're gonna do that a little
later in the video show you all the
customizations you can take part in as
well the sign right here and there's
more in the future update already
announced that is going to be changeable
here's some more nice background here
your little male deer I really like as
well how deep the ears it seems so
realistic location easy to look up
foreigner surrounding the little flowers
you can go ahead and change these as
well in - mushrooms we're gonna do that
- and the waterfall look at a steam
coming up doesn't that look sweet look
realistic so let's just go ahead and go
to the settings and show you what you
can do before we go into the settings
let me just put it into landscape mode
and this is for tablet users this is
pretty much division you guys would get
owning a tablet and having a little
wider screen of the whole place
so let's just go ahead into settings now
here we are in the settings let me just
go ahead and open it up and here are the
whole variations that you are able to
take part in you can remove the light
rays the deer the cabin the birds and
the trail sign the axe on the stump so
this is go ahead move the trail sign
unfortunately birds are gonna leave us
as well let's go ahead and remove the
cabin
let's keep everything else let's change
the tree sign on to post assign later on
you will be able to put your own picture
there in an update let's just go ahead
and remove the waterfall even so I like
that a lot and by the way for the
concerns but I really like dual boot
games really takes care and develop
their live wallpapers as best as
possible and really are concerned about
you using less as possible battery life
we ourselves have the performance set up
to high performance to give you the best
you can as well change right here but in
general testing you have running there
live wallpapers 24/7 I don't really
notice that the live wallpaper really
sucks up the battery life it's rather
more apps you have running in the
background that are actually worse here
you can also set the camera depending on
your device you can set the camera
screen panning you can rather have to
auto pan that means automatically will
move back and forth just like in the
settings preview you can customize that
by telling them how much home screens
you have we have set it to the full of
seven and over here the homescreen
panning for other Android devices or
updatable firmware versions some you can
scan menu or pad manually and then it
wouldn't be recognized by others so we
have it our manual panning this suits us
the best you can also again
seems to choose then you have a preset
little scene we're gonna customize on
hunter on and you may have noticed right
here we have checked the two berry
patches on the grass and move the grass
I'm going to show you that to the plant
life we can't change that too
let's go ahead mushrooms and then we can
choose the white flowers a little later
so let me just go quickly and show you
how to mushrooms will look like quickly
seem on the very left now you have the
mushrooms let me just go ahead and
change it to white wildflowers real fast
and then let me just set the light
wallpaper and now here's the different
sign now the cabin is gone so it would
be up selves even more clear forests and
in the back as well we have removed a
sign you'll see that right here
no deers are free in the wild and we
have removed waterfall like I said I
personally like more with but you can go
ahead and choose that on your own and
here we have the white flowers so I hope
you like this live wop April if you love
it please write thumbs up I'm Brian from
pocket hike I'm gonna say peace I'm out
and if you want to know more just go
ahead click the link below in the
description see ya thanks for watching
please subscribe us to support us and
join us beautiful image live wallpaper
oh by the way just to give you an idea
how well does a live wallpaper is made
this is the force HD live wallpaper
running on a 55 inch HD TV screen
you